Good morning.
Wow, what great worship.
I think we should just pray and go home.
But we're not going to.
But I do have one great New Year's resolution.
I'm trying to keep all my messages below two hours.
So you can be praying for me that I keep that one.
I don't know.
I just want to share with you some great thoughts this morning from God's Word.
But before we open God's Word, I want to just say it's great to be here.
Most of you know who I am.
But I'm Mike Bradley, one of the directors of North Star Church Network, which is about 140, 147 churches that you're one of.
You've been active since North Star's been in existence.
And last year in 2025, we challenged all of our North Star churches to keep the main thing, the main thing, which is bringing people to Jesus Christ and a decision to follow Him.
And that's represented not only by those who come forward, but those who follow Christ in baptism.
So we said, hey, 140 churches, can't we just, could we baptize maybe a thousand this past year?
Well, I don't know if maybe you've heard or maybe Pastor Eric has mentioned to you, but we did baptize in our churches, including South Ron, 1,100 people last year.
We can clap because it wasn't us.
It was God working through us.
And it's not just a number.
This represents individuals because we believe that God
is in the details.
God is in the details.
God didn't just so love the world that He sent His only Son.
God so loved you.
There is a difference, right?
I mean, I know you're part of the world, but when we personalize it and we realize that God is interested in each one of us.
And I've shared with you many times in the times that I've had the privilege of being here and sharing the gospel and sharing from God's word here from this pulpit that God is not just the God of eternity, but He's the God of every moment.
He's not a God who just cares about you once a week when you come to church.
He's one that cares about you each and every day.
He created you to live each and every day.
Somebody mentioned when I came in about today being my birthday.
24,257.
Last time I was here was my birthday.
And it just so happens that today is your birthday.
And not only is today the first Sunday of the new year, it's the first Sunday of the rest of your life.
It's a moment that God is here with us.
And I love to do that not just because I like math because I don't, but I do that because it's important to realize that God is always present, always with us.
Now last week, you were reminded by Pastor Eric about the memorials thinking about the year and the past, and we do that on the last
Sunday of the year, we think about the things that we've done, the things, successes that we had, and you had that great video, and he talked about all the things that South Run had done through the past year for the kingdom of God.
And then this is the new year.
So we're not only looking back and evaluating, and that's important to do, because there's things that we should repeat, there's things that we should celebrate, and there's things that we should never do again.
and you know what I'm talking about.
I mean, it was a great year and it was a bad year.
Isn't that funny?
You can have both those things at the same time.
I have things that I celebrate in my life and then things that were kind of a bummer.
I had successes, but I also had failures.
One of my goals last year was to read 12 books
I bought 12 books.
Check.
I failed reading them.
Right.
I mean, you have goals and you break them.
The one thing about looking back is not only can we celebrate, but sometimes we end up kicking ourselves.
And sometimes we come into the new year like this beginning.
Here it is January the 4th.
We're here in the sanctuary.
And we think, I'm not going to make
goals this year because I break them every year.
So the lesson you learn is don't make goals, right?
I've heard people say that to me.
Well, I used to have New Year's resolutions, but since I broke them all, I don't make those anymore.
I don't think that's the lesson we're supposed to learn.
It's always good to make goals, to learn from what we did last year and to celebrate it and to know that we can excel and become better.
It's always our goal and throughout the scriptures, God challenges us to be better disciples, to grow stronger in our faith, to do bigger things for him.
Now, like I said, you were reminded last week through the passage in Joshua that Pastor Eric preached on.
He said that they set up stones and there's, he challenged you to think about things in your home or in your life and how you can have those things that remember, remind you,
of things that you accomplished, things that you needed to learn, things that you can make things better this year too.
So, many are going to make goals.
Some of you already have goals that, you know, physical goals.
I'm going to be stronger.
I'm going to sleep more.
I'm going to watch more TV, eat more donuts.
Whatever your goal might be,
relational goals, financial goals, intellectual goals.
But what we want to talk about today, of course, and we're in church.
So we're going to talk about spiritual goals.
I want to remind you of some things that should be memorial stones in each of our life's journey, just before we even get started in the passage I want to read today.
And that is, we heard it sung in several of the courses.
God is here.
Back in April, I came and I preached in John chapter 21, and I talked to you about the difference between knowing that God is alive, Jesus is alive, and knowing He's here, present.
That we need to celebrate the presence of Christ.
And he is here and he is moving.
No matter what it looks like on TV, God is sovereign.
There's no God above God.
Things aren't out of control.
And God's saying, oh, man, I cannot keep these people together.
God is sovereign.
He's all powerful.
This isn't out of his control.
It seems like chaos.
It seems out of control.
And you say, where's God?
Oh, well, he's here.
Well, what's he doing?
Exactly what he wants to.
And he created you.
This is another memorial stone that each of us has in our life.
There's not one of you sitting here that God didn't create.
God's not surprised about one of you sitting here going, whoa, I don't remember making that one.
No, he created each and every one of you.
And he created you with a purpose and to his glory.
And the last thing I'll remind you, and we've been reminded of it, is that God speaks to and through his church.
He hasn't stopped.
Church isn't out of date.
He speaks to and through you.
Okay, so, sorry, that was sermon number one.
So sermon number two, let's turn to John chapter 10.
John chapter 10, and we've used John chapter 10 actually before.
Pastor Eric's used a lot of sermons because John chapter 10 verse 10, which is part of our reading today, is that Jesus came to give life and to give it to you abundantly, the abundant life.
You've talked about that so many times.
I hope that you're getting the idea that God not only created you to live, but He created you to live abundant life.
So how do we do that?
Kind of the thing, what we're trying to get out.
What are the ins and outs of discipleship of what I wanted to do today?
And if you have your bulletin on the flip side of your bulletin right above the QR code, unfortunately I don't have a QR code, I'm not that cool, all right?
But there are lines there and you use this thing called a pen and you can write down stuff.
It's almost like a QR code except you gotta do a little work, all right?
So I challenge you to just maybe jot down a few things that God might say to you from these passages today.
Now, before we read, in John chapter 10, we're gonna read just a few verses at the beginning of it.
I think about 15 verses.
And I want you to know that in John chapter nine, Jesus is just healed a blind guy.
And the Pharisees are hacked off about it.
They can't figure it out.
Everybody's messed up.
They're all wondering,
Who is this guy?
And in John chapter 10 is his answer.
Jesus' answer to those Pharisees.
And do you want me today?
All right?
So let's start in chapter 10, verse one.
We ready to go?
You ready?
All right, let's go.
All right, truly, truly I say to you, this is Jesus speaking, truly, truly I say to you that he who does not enter by the sheep boat
enter the sheep fold by the door but climbs in another way.
That man is a thief and a robber.
But he who enters by the door is the shepherd of the sheep.
To him the gatekeeper opens the sheep hear his voice and he calls his own sheep by name and leads them out.
And when he is brought out all his own he goes before them and the sheep follow him for they know his voice.
In a stranger they will not follow but
but they will flee from him for they do not know the voice of strangers.
Now this figure of speech Jesus used with them, but they didn't understand what he was saying.
So Jesus said to them again, truly, truly, I say to you, I am the door of the sheep, all who come came before me are thieves and robbers, but the sheep did not listen to them.
I am the door.
If anyone enters by me, he will be saved.
And I will go in and out and find pasture.
The thief comes only to steal, kill, and destroy.
I came that they may have life and have it abundantly.
I am the good shepherd.
And the good shepherd lays down his life for a sheep.
He who is hired hand and not a shepherd who does not own the sheep, sees the wolf coming and leaves the sheep and flees.
And the wolf snatches them and scatters them.
And he flees because he's a hired hand and cares nothing for the sheep.
But I am the good shepherd.
I know my own and my own know me.
Just as the father knows me and I know the father and I lay down my life for the sheep.
Let's pray again.
Father in heaven, thank you for this word.
I just pray that you would take something out of the scripture and just
Just inspire us today to go from this place closer to you and closer to each other.
Let your voice be heard and all their voices fade into the background.
In Jesus' name, amen.
So Jesus is making a connection.
It's no accident that I ask that Psalm 23 be read today because the Pharisees of that day, they knew Psalm 23 really well, like us.
The Lord is my, what?
Shepherd.
The Lord, Yahweh, God, this is written in the Psalms by David, actually written by a shepherd from the perspective of a sheep.
You ever thought about that?
The shepherd wrote this from the perspective of a sheep.
The Lord is my shepherd, says the earthly shepherd.
I shall not want.
And he describes what we could say.
I think, would you agree, that this is abundant life.
The Lord's my shepherd.
I don't need anything.
He's my shepherd.
He makes me lie down in green pastures, leads me beside still waters.
Oh boy, it just gets better and better.
This is abundant life, even though there's valleys.
I'll fear no evil because you're with me.
My enemies, it doesn't matter.
I just sit down and eat with my enemies.
I'm not afraid.
And I'm not threatened because you're with me.
And all the days of my life, I'll do I with you.
My cup overflows.
Does it sound like abundant life?
Can we agree?
Jesus here in John chapter 10, fast forward all the way to John chapter 10, hundreds and hundreds of years later,
Jesus makes the connection.
I am the good shepherd.
He is the shepherd of Psalm 23.
And he's the good shepherd, talked about in Ezekiel, chapter 34, when Ezekiel looks at the world and he's looking at the church and he's looking at the priests and things and he says, man, none of you shepherds are any good.
I'm gonna send a good shepherd.
Somebody who's gonna be the shepherd of all shepherds and he's gonna be awesome and he's gonna take care of his sheep.
He's gonna be tender when they're broken.
He's gonna be strong when they need to be defended.
He's gonna always be their form, always when they're in trouble.
I'm going to send that person.
Jesus is the good shepherd.
Jesus is what it means for us, the sheep, you and me, to live the abundant life.
That's the goal for you this year.
You know, did you know that?
Jesus has a goal for you this year.
He already has a New Year's resolution for you.
Draw near to me and I'll draw near to you.
I tell you what, I'll take care of you.
You can have abundant life this year.
My goal is that you experienced life like it was designed for you this year by me.
This is my goal for you.
And all of your goals should shoot towards that.
In Psalm 23, our needs are met, we're nurtured, we at rest, relaxation, refreshment, his presence with all things, even when things get tough, we get comfort when we're afraid, provision when the enemies are around us from the beginning to the end.
So let's focus today on two things.
Two things that can help you on this first Sunday of the new year.
Two things that can draw you a little closer.
Two things that can help
You make those goals.
However many or few you might want to make in order for you to experience this abundant life.
So I want you to look at verse nine.
Let's just zoom right in.
We're not looking at everything.
There's a ton in this passage.
But let's just look at verse nine.
Verse 10 is the one I told you you've been talking about.
You've been hearing a lot about Jesus coming to give us abundant life.
But in verse nine, he gives you
What needs to happen before that can happen?
Look at verse nine again, I am the door.
If anyone enters by me, he will be saved and we'll go in and out and find pasture.
So point number one, Jesus is the door.
He's the only way.
Jesus is the only way.
He said in just a few chapters later, in John chapter 14, verse six, I am the way, the truth and the life.
And no one comes to the Father, but by me.
I want you to understand that today because that's super important for us as we launch into this year, 2026.
We need to understand that Jesus is not just one of the ways to
to the good shepherd.
He is the good shepherd.
You've heard so many people say that.
Their face, other really.
There's many paths up the mountain to get to the top of the mountain.
There's many ways for us to find God.
But the Scripture is clear.
Jesus says, I am the door.
He is the top of the mountain.
He's not just one of the ways to get to the good shepherd.
He is the good shepherd.
And this is an intimate relationship.
Look at those back up in what we already read.
We just read it in chapter 10.
It says that the sheep hear his voice.
He calls his own sheep by name.
Jesus knows your name.
He leads them out when he has brought out his own
before he says the she follow him because they know his voice.
This is beautiful.
This describes somebody who not just knows about Jesus, but somebody who knows Jesus personally, a personal relationship.
You know, there's a difference in that too, right?
I know a lot about George Washington, never met him.
I know a lot about him, but I don't know him.
I could say that about anybody that I don't have a personal relationship.
I might be able to find out things about them.
I might be able to know.
I was born and raised in a Christian home where I knew about Jesus and I knew about Jesus coming and dying on the cross.
And I knew about him being raised from the dead.
I knew about the Christmas story, about how God came in the flesh.
I knew a lot about God, but it was there was a moment when all of a sudden
I knew him.
It was more than just knowing about the good shepherd.
I met the good shepherd.
And I'm in his flock.
So I recognize his voice.
And you know what?
He recognizes me and calls me by name.
When I show up,
At God's house, he opens the door and says, hey, come on in.
You know why?
Because he knows me.
You say, wow, that's pretty bold that you say God would just invite you in.
Friends, each of us has that if we know him.
God has made it possible.
Do you know Jesus today?
That's the number one thing.
Without him, you will never, ever, ever, ever, ever, a zillion, ever's.
experience abundant life.
You can try.
You can fake it, but you won't make it.
Without Jesus, you can never know who you are or what your purpose is, why you're here.
You will never experience strength and protection and preparation.
You won't have the good shepherd.
You'll be the sheep wandering about without any direction in constant danger with no hope.
Well, that's huge.
Now, I would say for most of you, maybe all of you here today, you know the good shepherd.
So, check, you got that one.
But what can you do to draw closer to Him?
Because look at that next part, verse nine again, look at verse nine again.
I am the door, if anyone comes, anyone enters by me, he will be saved.
Okay, that was the first point.
Gotta have Jesus.
Second, and they'll go in and out and find pasture.
We're called to go in and out.
A relationship with Jesus Christ, the abundant life with Jesus,
is not only does it involve us coming into the good shepherd's presence, but it involves us going out.
Both are necessary for 2026 in your life, going in.
In other words, focusing in on your relationship with Christ, but also going out.
You know, I was at the Dallas Expo Center.
a couple of months ago.
And I was in the center looking at what we were there visiting about a show and something and pay to get in, you know, and it's kind of cool.
And I forgot something I left in the car.
And I was at the back of the Expo Center and I saw a door that goes out.
I thought, I'll just go out that door and come right back in after I go to the car.
And I went out and the door closed and I turned around and there's no handle on the door on the outside.
I'm out.
That's a bad feeling, isn't it?
To go into some place or out of some place and you turn around and you can't go the other way, you know, oh, that's not what I wanted to do.
You shut out.
I want you to understand that one thing that we're really good at going in to Jesus as Christians and believers, because who doesn't want to do that?
Who doesn't want to get to know the good shepherd?
But we forget that that door is for us to go in and out.
Now I'm not talking about relationship.
I'm talking about we should be thinking about how to go out.
Outreach.
evangelism, serving the community.
However you want to put it, if you only go in and if it's all about getting in and get closer to Jesus and all your goals and your spiritual life are, I'm going to read my Bible more.
Great.
I'm going to pray more.
You should.
I'm going to worship with God's people more regularly.
All good goals.
They should be on your list.
That handles the going in, but I want you to know that going in only is unhealthy.
If you go into a place that you don't go out of, that's called prison, I'm pretty sure.
And some people live the Christian life like they're in prison.
Please, sir, can I have a little more food?
We live our pitiful lives, hoping that God throws us a blessing.
I'm going to just pray and read my Bible, go to church.
And the church, instead of becoming an outpost of God's kingdom work, becomes a prison for debilitated saints.
It's going out that the sheep find pasture.
It's going out that the sheep find the still waters.
It's when you go out that you experience your purpose.
It's going out that we have participation in what God is doing among us.
It's giving, not just getting.
It's risking, not restricting.
It's serving, not just being served.
Out means you go out.
into the world.
If your relationship with God is centered only in your church, only in your heart, love you God.
If you love me, you'll get out.
What kind of sheep?
God's counting sheep out in the meadow, out in the pasture.
And there's one missing, it's you.
You're back at the church.
You're back at the fold.
You're just sitting there.
Out.
Get out.
We'll come back here tonight.
But right now, you need to be out in the pasture, but there's still waters.
You need to be out exercising, getting the sun.
You need to be out and about doing the work of God.
Yes, there are valleys, people.
Yes, there are enemies.
Yes, there are challenges.
That's life.
But we have the promise of Psalm 23 from the good shepherd whose name is Jesus.
I will be with you.
I will give you the strength.
The good shepherd leads us, goes first.
So along with your goals, your spiritual goals to pray more and read your Bible more and come to church regularly, those probably should be for all of us.
have out goals too.
I'm gonna give more of my money to the church.
I'm gonna give more of my time to serving the Lord.
I'm gonna make some new friends this year.
I'm gonna share my faith.
I'm gonna start adding service projects to my schedule.
I'm gonna start plugging into something new and I'm gonna get out there into a world and experience the abundant life that God has for me.
This here in church is great, but it's not just this that makes abundant life.
Your abundant life is out there.
This is the fold where we come.
We find security and safety and we learn more about God and we draw closer to Him.
But friends, we need to get out.
So, Pastor Eric asks you,
What did you do last year?
What did you celebrate?
What were the blessings that God gave you?
Awesome.
That's great.
What I'm saying is on the new Sunday of the new year, what are you doing to get in and out?
What an amazing blessing that our Lord gives us.
He doesn't just bring you in and hold you hostage.
He says, I'm the door.
You come in and you go out.
That's called freedom, I think.
I'll protect you.
I'll watch over you.
I'll provide everything you need.
Go on.
Live the abundant life.
Thank you, Lord.
I think I will.
You want to give it a go?
You can nod.
You know, even if you're not, you want to give it a go?
If you want to give it a go, let's get some goals set.
Go home today.
Get some goals set in goals and out goals.
All right?
And you will find a blessing beyond anything you can say.
Let's pray.
Father, we're just so grateful that you're a God who gives us that freedom, who allows us to enjoy not only coming into the sheep in, but also going out into the meadow where we can run and enjoy and experience life with all the abundance that you've set before us.
Lord, may you be glorified.
May you be blessed by what we do and say and think this week, this day.
And may we be a blessing to others as well.
Father, to you be the glory, it's in Jesus' name we pray.
Amen.